# Self Assessment
For the final bootcamp Challenge, our group ended up focusing on predicting Austin house prices. Granted, this wasn't the case around the week of Deliverable 1, when we were brainstorming ideas on predicting general trends of Covid-19 cases. At the time, we were advised by TA's that, among other issues, we lacked enough data for any of our models to meaningfully predict Covid-19 deaths. Consequently, we picked a more straightforward topic in predicing house prices in Austin based on more than 40 associated features.

With the topic settled, we could now concentrate more on our project work for Deliverable 2 and beyond. As a group of five people, we split our tasks based on each aspect of the project, which in my case was machine learning. While Diana was in charge of the GitHub repository, she would also help Cinthia tackle the dashboard segment of the project. Meanwhile, Jimmy and James would each dealt with different halves of the database requirement, with James exploring the data and Jimmy handling database integration. Certainly, we didn't want to overtask anyone in our group.

Nevertheless, each of us were ready to help one another, which was certainly the case for me back in the week of Deliverable 2. At the time, my confusion over machine learning lingo (i.e. logistic regression, random forest, PCA, etc.) to find a working model to build upon. Fortunately, we were in touch via Slack and had organized a Google Meet meeting, during which we reviewed our project materials and ultimately determined linear regression as our model of choice. With Module 15's multilinear regression and M17's machine learning material in mind, I was finally able to get a working regression model for Deliverable 2.

Working into Deliverables 3 and 4, we took note of feedback from our Deliverable 2 materials and polished our work for the end of the bootcamp. We would also meet a few more times outside of class on Google Meet to discuss how each of us was doing. In particular, machine learning became a priority topic of discussion since we needed a working machine learning model for our goal of predicting house prices. Thanks to my daily studying on relevant machine learning information, I was able to explain changes made to the model and potentially what could be added to our machine learning work. We had discussed dropping certain features in addition to those dropped in VIF analysis, and we even considered incoporating one or two more regression models to compare with our main model's predictive performance. Due to time constraints and time commitments, however, we settled with presenting our one working regression model, making sure to add further details like p-value calculations of input features.

With the final bootcamp Challenge now completed, I would say that the the group experience for the project was great. Thanks to our delegate approach to group work, we were able to determine what factors were key in predicting house prices in Austin. Looking back, though, I do feel that I could've asked my group more for help with machine learning. Still, the help they gave me during Deliverable 2's week got me in the right direction for the complex world of machine learning. There's definitely more research and work that can be done into our topic as well, as mentioned earlier. Still, I would consider this project as a good stepping stone for those looking to master linear regression and open up to machine learning.
